# Somewhere to be awake

Dreams from my yesterdays and the days after tomorrow
Somewhere I could take a little break to stay warming you
When the cold night falls outside...

Dreams from my yesterdays and the days I've lived without you
Somewhere I could live a whole life only looking for your signals
Since the first sunshine rises up outside...

With nothing in the head...
With nothing in the mind...
Just somewhere to be awake
Only good feelings in the heart

With any planes to do later...
With no alarms to ringout...
Just somewhere to be awake
Only good feelings in the heart




Just somewhere to be awake...






Somewhere I could live as a man looking for his soul anywhere around
Dreams from my yesterdays and the days after my childhood







Somewhere I could take a little break to keep living you even more
When there were no lights in the sky...





















Dream of my yesterday tomorrow


Some lights can cover the eyes more than it lights
Any of them can be so brightness like those whose come from the sky
A pineapple crown as a pride to the ambition side
You say who I am as so do I...

Some of fears can avoid you to reach a kind of paradise
Any of tears should hurt you stronger than the love
Where are the good memories when feel alone in the dark
Maybe a shy smile could help you to get out from this love

I need a place to hide myself away...
I need a place to live and stay awake...
Somewhere so calm as I could 



And dream of my yesterdays and the tomorrows





<!--
inside

'Cause there's nothing like to be in piece with yourself around

Raining like a waterfall or

Some of them are made by the human and some others comes from the sky
A nice wonderful place to stay alone in the afternoon
Waiting for some apple to kick down to the ground

Some birds can 


Dreams from my yesterday they're up for tomorrow
When I get a little older to warm you

Dreams of my memories when I still think about you
I could've never thought in something beside it

sunset
-->